sponsor movie md forum dot ru game
software news reviews and firmware on any
smartphone and tablet commented video
on md forum dot ru and get cash
prizes solving the problems of your gadget and
squeeze the whole maximum out of your iron all
there are links in the description hello
Today we are talking about a blue tooth or such
bluetooth data transfer method
bluetooth bluetooth by the way did you know that
bluetooth name was given to this
type in honor of king harold of denmark
bluetooth which united
Scandinavian land than and went into
viking history i.e. analogy
understandable king united lands a
bluetooth invented in 1998
bluetooth group with reg
combined all file transfer devices
or information for a short distance
it's not just bluetooth prerogative
modern devices can be found
such file transfer methods as nfc and
even the infrared port but uses them wrong
often not for such bluetooth volumes
the thing is good and I think each of us to them
enjoyed so disassemble that of
themselves technology represents these they are not
I will instead be with you now
consider how it turns out that our
files in the air fall from one
phone to another at the heart of work
bluetooth and radio frequencies lie but not all
of them
but only those who are in a narrow
frequency range from 2402 to 2480
megahertz this range and also called a
and sm
and it is used in industry
medicine and science
but let's look inside our
device on board with transistors and
there are small wire tracks
nondescript type this is bluetooth
often they build Wi-Fi or
even f fm receiver to constructively
take up less space and in which case
one could just replace one chip
others from the chip goes to the dam big
antenna in the form of a track it radiates
radio signal on the required purity
however, in modern devices everything
more often used with aussi in which already
Bluetooth is built in constructively it
impossible to see since he is
essentially a part of a crystal that combines
imagine a video accelerator and other
bluetooth embed items
directly into the crystal or endure
his individual types decides
as a processor manufacturer for example
not everyone is up to date
from mediatek equipped with bluetooth in
crystal why mediatek releases and
individual bluetooth chips this is mt 66 1266
2266 26 which can be freely bought on
the same aliexpress and they cost about 10
and 15 dollars but let's take a closer look.
Consider the process of transferring them as
we just selected the file to transfer
the processor includes bluetooth and it
starts to monitor all available
device in the visible range
bluetooth on the other end
doing the same thing is worth noting
that bluetooth is not only a receiver but
and the transmitter however he cannot
both receive and transmit
files are just files because if
talk about using
bluetooth headset this sound can go
both at the reception and at the transfer but
that 's another story
so after we mated ours
devices in bluetooth us coit
magic happens one of bluetooth av
becomes the transmitter and the second
receiver with bluetooth transmitter
forms a pattern of frequency oscillations
which changes 1600 times per second
taking the value of one of the available 79
by frequency this pattern transmitter
hands over the receiver so understand friend
friends can only those devices that
tuned to the same pattern
gears for devices
transmitted information will be normal
noise is the transmission algorithm called
pseudo-random immediately before
transfer files bluetooth transmitter
breaks data into bluetooth packets
receiver
These packets are then received by the processor.
the receiver accepts these packets
puts them in one file and puts it
in the permanent memory of the device all this
it takes about a few seconds
Of course, depending on the size
file being transferred
but so was not always probably many of
you remember the times when file transfer
on the bluetooth was still the maracay
and not all devices were compatible
among themselves and if the elji were transferred to
Nokia for example it is generally in full
blockage
it was all about bluetooth versions
for example bluetooth 1.0 was wild
brake and few of us have seen it in
live as well as bluetooth 1.1 and 1.2
which differed little among themselves
and basically fixed bugs friend
friend
bluetooth 2.0 fixed many bugs
and added support and gear for
speeding up data transfer and since
bluetooth has acquired an adequate appearance
universal love and mass worship
by far the most relevant
is bluetooth 4.1 it is very fast and
very energy efficient he
so energy efficient that it can
work for years on a single charge
penlight battery with bluetooth
with ah ji really tried and over
data and work security
together with the networks le r in general he
so many buns that all is simply unreal
this is listed in one issue so
You can read more about all this .
the links in the description are all bluetooth and
regardless of the version compatible between
themselves but if connect for example
bluetooth 4 1 with bluetooth 3.0 then work
they will be at bluetooth 3.0 speeds then
there is a younger one also we often
faced with the fact that some
gamepads can only work with
bluetooth 30 or higher this is due to
hardware speed limit
receive and transmit old bluetooth av
so even with full compatibility
made gamepads writes on everyone
case on the box such restrictions
I also managed to solve the riddle
why bluetooth gamepads can
work incorrectly with some
old processors from mediatek this
connected to the processors and gamepads themselves
there nothing to blame it's all about
bluetooth implementation curve
however, it can be cured programmatically.
though not without hemorrhoids
and finally, I would like to answer
a couple of interesting questions from the internet
which may occur in a person not
dedicated to the subtleties of mobile
no technology can not download bluetooth
no phone can not replace bluetooth
to a newer version bluetooth
you can pick up a virus but only if you
you yourself are accepting files from unknown
sources the virus itself sneak in
bluetooth to you can not but even
if you took the virus you need it also
self-establish yes and not a fact
that this virus will work on your
device correctly in general do not fool
head which one of the above
can make a bluetooth conclusion
very cool stuff that is convenient and
useful to use in everyday
of life
bluetooth combined not only everything
mobile devices our and all
personal computers laptops
peripherals printers and much more
sections of our lives easier and
use of gadgets is more convenient
prospects for development theoretically
unlimited from bluetooth speakers and
gamepads to webcams in tablets and
medical devices but that's all
now you know about bluetooth and more
more sure to share this video
with friends so they know the whole truth about
blue tooth come to comment my
video on andy forum dot ru and get
for that money of course subscribe
on the channel so as not to miss the release of new
video
this is useful and most importantly free for everyone
Thank you all for your attention.
strange just for the name was
bluetooth is chosen because of the land
united not only he but also such
historical figures as great ashoka
Otto von Bismarck day Genghis Khan at the end
ends though Genghis Khan probably not
fits but it sounds cool
Give me a photo of Tengiz Khan or
include Bismarck these there song skins